times have changed a lot since every
young man had a playboy under his
mattress and we came up with a game to
highlight that this is a game in which
the contestants are farther apart in age
than Hugh Hefner and his girlfriend's
it's a battle of young versus old it's
time to play generation gap
[Applause]
hello cousin Sal how you doing hey
cousin Jimmy what's going on I'm doing
well nothing's going on we're just doing
the show in here how about you yeah well
we're gonna take it out here right okay
great yeah let's meet our contestants
shall we first our defending champion
he's lean he's mean he's 14
say hello to Travers hello Travis
Travers do you think you have what it
takes to win it all again definitely and
did you ever look at a Playboy magazine
no no let's see if he turns red okay you
know you're not alright
Travers tonight you will be going up
against the Bella
welcome Bella hello
[Applause]
well if you ever look at the Playboy
magazine of course Belle if you don't
mind me asking what is your age 82 82
years old 14 versus 82 that's why we
call it generation gap Bella I know your
stick
you work at Canter's deli right I sure
do yeah I've seen you there you work out
where the the cookie the black and white
cookies are right all over all over okay
very good well this is how the game
works I'm gonna ask each of you a
question from your opponent's generation
or somewhere close to it whoever gets
the most answers right wins does it
sound good yeah all right Travers you're
defending your title you get to go first
Travers what does ww2 stand for World
War two that is right an idea of how the
game works
let's do one more question before we
take a break Bella which superhero did
this actress play seeing on there on the
screen there she is
she looks Asian is not Asian
oh she's Israeli actually Oh Darren it
could have been superwoman superwoman
do you know Travers can you steal and
guess who moved the super which
superheroes she played that's gal gadot
and she played Wonder Woman
we're gonna take the black when we come
back here Claymore generates and got so
stick around right now we have a senior
citizen and a high school freshman
outside on the street its Travers versus
Bella
the score is Travers 20 Bella zero Bella
how are you feeling right now
could be better okay but you're gonna
get back in the game I just know it
we're gonna start with Travers Jimmy
real Jimmy real quick know with Turner
commercial Bella was showing us pictures
of her in the grotto in the 50s
unbelievable you were in the grotto with
you heavier Bella just go with it
Travers this is a question from Bella's
generation named two newspapers New York
Times uh-huh and LA Times that's very
good name two websites
oh I'm I'm not into website you don't
know any websites
I don't nothing how about give it a try
calm
[Applause]
laughs how about help me out I'm dying
here net Bella all right next question
is for Bella Bella finished the title of
this Kendrick Lamar album to pimp a
blank to pimp a blank any guess we'll
see I'll just take a crazy get to pimp a
[Music]
I'm gonna go alright let's give her
credit anyway
Travers me going after you finish the
title of this Gregory Peck movie to kill
a mockingbird that is right
[Music]
Travers has won it what you call one of
those old souls I guess Travers what
number comes after the magnificent this
is a heaven seven is right Travers what
number comes after maroon maroon 5
that's right what that one was too easy
for you it seems yeah all right bow is
on a roll now fella what is the name of
this car this car on the video screen
what is the name it looks like a cartoon
it is a cartoon I I looks like a cartoon
they haven't met the Chevy stations I I
see it but I can't say it I'll give you
a hint
it's Lightning McQueen yes it's like I
need Travers what is the name of this
car I is that a racing car I'm assuming
well it was from a movie into that
famous movie car is that from like
layman's or it is not from the mom no
then I have no idea
Bella do you know the name of that car
it looks like a Volkswagen yeah all
right that's close enough
we're looking for Herbie the lovebug but
let's get that one to her anyway
[Applause]
Travers Travers who performed the 1987
hit song bad worth the song name bad VAD
bad Michael Jackson that is who did the
2017 hit bad and bougie come on you know
this won't come out right yeah is it
really up there I feel like it isn't up
there yeah in this case I don't think
it's up there Travers do you want to try
to steal I kind of want to try but I
know my friends at my school are gonna
get so mad if I get this wrong so yeah
what is it
Kendrick Lamar no wow neither one of you
knew that it was me goes me goes was the
answer is that what you had in your head
there Bela no no alright let's go with
one more question for Bela finish this
rappers nickname chants the blank chance
the blank he's a rapper chance the Lamar
is incorrect
trappers do you know the answer that's
chance the rapper
fellas you are the winner tonight but
you each get a prize Bella you get a
brand-new Fitbit that is so goes right
on your wrist and Travers to make sure
you live as long as well it has you get
a medicine ball right do you love
clicking buttons and subscribing to
things then click the button to
subscribe to my channel and you'll
finally be happy